# python-Improved-Value-Iteration-Network-for-Path-Planning
Research, work with MIT associate professor Mark Vogelsberger, and write a paper. And the paper has been accepted by by the 2nd International Conference on Computing Innovation and Applied Physics (CONF-CIAP 2023).

I performed path planning research in automatic control based on deep reinforcement learning. I combined several innovative deep learning processing methods and obtained a refined algorithm, Value Iteration Networks (VIN). Given the inconvenience of data flow and the disappearance of the gradient caused by the over-depth of the network, I adopted the skip-connection structure to convey the extracted output of each layer to the output layer. As a result, the experiment's accuracy was improved. Not satisfied with this, I continued to replace the fully connected layer for output with a dueling structure, split the output into two channels, and synthesize the final output result. This study performed the normalization operation concerning the problems of slower network convergence and higher network loss function value during the training. It introduced the normalization layer into the network structure. Finally, for the application scenarios of the large map, the network needed iterating many times, so I applied a hierarchical network structure to enhance the model's generalization ability. After finishing the realization and integration of all methods mentioned above, I obtained excellent experimental results, with the accuracy rate increasing from 78.88% to 93.79%. 

In August 2022, I seized an opportunity to follow an associate professor, Mark Vogelsberger from MIT, to research Artificial Intelligence-Deep Learning Applications, and I improved the above research. It was exciting that my paper, Improved Value Iteration Network for Path Planning, has been accepted by the 2nd International Conference on Computing Innovation and Applied Physics (CONF-CIAP 2023). This affirmation of my academic and research ability makes me believe I am fully prepared for the more specialized computer field.
